[DOCS] Replaces X-Pack security terminology (#187)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/security/authentication/built-in-users.asciidoc

[float]
[[built-in-user-explanation]]
==== How the built-in users work
These built-in users are stored in a special `.security` index, which is managed

> by the {security-features}. If a built-in user is disabled or its password

Reviewer: I'm OK with this, but I think it would read better to say
```suggestion
by {es}. If a built-in user is disabled or its password
```
or even `{es-security-features}`. It just feels weird to me, to suggest that a _feature_ manages something.
